---
layout: default
title: SensorFu Code of Conduct
---

# SensorFu Code of Conduct

## Code of Conduct

We periodically review and communicate our Code of Conduct to our staff,
suppliers and partners. Our Code of Conduct will also be published on our web
pages.

## Supplier Code of Conduct

Our Code of Conduct and its major updates are communicated to the suppliers and
partners and we expect them to uphold the same standards and to obey the legal
obligations and local regulations.

## Corporate Responsibility Statement

Safety, security and privacy of our customers, society, people, our employees
and our partners are the highest priorities for us. We follow laws, regulations
and good corporate governance practices.  We respect human rights, labour
rights, consider the environment and have anti-corruption measures. Our Code of
Conduct has short policy statements on Environmental Protection, Health and
Safety, Child and Forced Labour, Anti-Bribery, Anti-Discrimation, Taxes,
Security Research and Open Source and Community Work.

## Anti-Bribery Policy

We have zero tolerance to acts of bribery and corruption, by any employee or
anyone acting on our behalf. We, our partners and suppliers should "not offer,
promise or give undue pecuniary or other advantage to public officials or the
employees of business partners. ... Enterprises should not use third parties
such as agents and other intermediaries, consultants, representatives,
distributors, consortia, contractors and suppliers and joint venture partners
for channelling undue pecuniary or other advantages to public officials, or to
employees of their business partners or to their relatives or business
associates.", see also further guidelines in chapter "Combating Bribery, Bribe
Solicitation and Extortion" in OECD's "OECD Guidelines for Multinational
Enterprises" [https://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/mne/48004323.pdf](https://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/mne/48004323.pdf).

## Anti-Discrimination Policy

We have zero tolerance for discrimination, see
[https://www.syrjinta.fi/syrjinta](https://www.syrjinta.fi/syrjinta) (Finnish)
and
[https://syrjinta.fi/en/discrimination](https://syrjinta.fi/en/discrimination)
(English). We follow the Finnish law on non-discrimation
[https://www.finlex.fi/en/laki/kaannokset/2014/en20141325.pdf](https://www.finlex.fi/en/laki/kaannokset/2014/en20141325.pdf).

## Child & Forced Labour Policy

We forbid use of child and forced labour as defined by the Finnish laws, see
"Laki nuorista työntekijöistä" [https://finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/1993/19930998](https://finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/1993/19930998)
and "Valtioneuvoston asetus nuorille työntekijöille erityisen haitallisista ja
vaarallisista töistä" [https://finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/2006/20060475](https://finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/2006/20060475).

## Environmental Policy

Bare miniminum for us, our supplier and partners is to follow environmental
laws, in Finland see "Luonnonsuojelulaki"
[https://finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/1996/19961096](https://finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/1996/19961096).
However, we strongly encourage going beyond that. We will be periodically
reviewing United Nation's Sustainable Development goals
[https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-development-goals/](https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-development-goals/)
for goal setting and adoptation in our operations.

## Health & Safety Policy

We follow Finnish laws for health and safety in employment and workplace, see
työterveyshuoltolaki
[https://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/2001/20011383](https://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/2001/20011383)
and työturvallisuuslaki
[https://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/2002/20020738](https://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/2002/20020738).
Local laws should be respected abroad.

## Open Source and Community

Our employees and suppliers are encouraged to participate in community efforts
such as developing and contributing to free open source software (FOSS).
Contributing to the common good is a shared interest.

## Security Research

Our employees and suppliers who participate in security and vulnerability
research are encouraged to work responsibly and disclose any findings with care
(e.g. using a responsible disclosure model).

## Tax Policy

We have a zero tolerance to tax evasion and the facilitation of tax evasion. We
are not engaged in aggressive tax planning. Our headquarters is in Finland and
we follow local tax laws in regions where we operate.
